Tags: character

Athatgarun is a satyr demigod. Child of a ferocious satyr fire-dancer warrior and the human/god [Ricyl](Ricyl), a god with a huge personality and enormous strength. Never met father but became close with his mother. Personality very similar to father. Had just begun to follow in his parents' footsteps to likely become an incredibly competent fighter (still a kid at the time), when [titansworn wordkeepers](Titansworn Wordkeepers) arrived at the satyr nomadic camp and began rounding people up to be taken to camps. Mother fought back and died. Athatgarun saw this and snapped, went after them. He also died, but came back as a [revenant](Revenants) for revenge. Spent years burying sorrow and pain in brutal workouts. Approached most problems by overcoming them with strength and perseverence. Nothing was too challenging. Met [Straker](Straker) at one point and spent a year living on the island with him, learning. Abandoned Straker and his training to fight titansworn, during which he crossed paths with [Raiyurna](Raiyurna) who was treating wounded soldiers in what's now [Iylovia](Iylovia).

Since then, the titansworn are pretty much gone and Athatgarun is a bit of a lost [soul](Life and Death). There aren't more titansworn to kill, he can't get his mother back, and he's never been able to contact his father [Ricyl](Ricyl). Perhaps is crazy. Unclear why he's done the things since then, but has maybe taken over Johnny's body because of the somewhat similar histories they share. Possibly has died and regenerated without memories since then, but uncertain.