The river [elves](Elves), although small in population, are a people dedicated to honing the practice of blade dancing. This practice is more of an art form than an actual fighting technique but its has the potential to be elevated for such use. A few river elves persue the title of blade master which signifies their ability to use blade dancing for practical purposes. The art focuses on maintaining a special type of composure and form which allows the blade master to cut through material regardless of the sharpness of the blade making is comprable to water the way that if flows and the weight behind its sharpness. The art also allows particularly skilled blade masters to move quicker than normal reaching an almost mythical level where they were believed to be able to "flow" through their enemies attacks when, in reality, they were evading them. The pinacle of the art was the skill to move so symetrically and quickly that enemies believed the blade master was fighting alongside a doble ganger of themselves who was also weilding an identical blade. The river [elf](Elves) blade master became a legendary pupil of the art and reached the point where they could momic themselves eight times over. Their skill became so honed that the technical application of what they learned became entirely depended on mythical techniques that far exceeded normal physical limits. These mythical techniques became realized by the river elf blade master through a lifetime of unbroken study and training. The master is often compared to other great sages and monks as their superior or role model.   