The Iron Orc is a legendary figure, particularly among the black orc tribes who take pride in their naturally tough skin. The Iron Orc trained and tortured his skin with all manner of devices and persued the path of a mercenary in order to encounter frequent peril so that his skin my adapt and become even tougher. During his travels, the orc collected magical weapons and items. Namely, an enchanted golden sword sword with a yellow gem at the center of the hilt and a black scyth enscribed with red runes. The sword allowed the orc to manipulate sand and the scyth could syphon life force from its victims. Although the orc's skin became even more of a rarity than his weapons, the orc continued to enter battle with one of the weapons in each hand, forgoing a shield and armor. This aggressive and lobsided style of fighting became symbolic of the Iron Orc and so the weapons became very recognizable. In his later life, the orc tamed a massive boar who matched his thirst for combat and glory. Although the orc possessed no taming abilities, he bested the board in combat over and over again until the boar accepted his commands, as is common practice among orcish boar riders. As the orc's skin began to surpass the resiliance of fine armors, the Iron Orc began to set out on more intentional quests in order to test his limits. The last of these tests was to stand in dragon fire, which he did. At this point the orc's skin was believed to have long ascended from the realm of physical into the realm of mystical although his skin was never enchnated nor did it possess any external magics. 