The Golden Enchanting Table was built by one of the greatest golden beard dwarf forges of all time. Although he is also famous for erecting the legendary 9-ringed city, the enchanting table is the crown jewel of his achievements. The table is made of the purest gold and resides at the center of a room made of ever turning gears. The gears are enchanted with lesser souls, allowing them to continue turning without fuel. On each side of each tooth of each gear, there is a fundamental rune that inevitably connects with the runes of each other gear during its rotation. When the fundamental runes of different gears touch they form a classical rune that draws power from the tables core (a legendary soul) and presents itself to whomever stands within the room of the enchanting table. Once the rune is presented to the tables user, they may use it however they wish without the need of soul energy or a sacrifice. The gears in the room are set up in a way that each gear migrates around the room over the course of a decade so that it can make contact with every other room and form as many different classical runes as possible. Reknowned enchanters search for the table and fight for a place at it so that they may learn from its complicated design and use is renewable magic. The golden beard dwarf who designed the table was a genious and an outlier within history. He was able to construct the fundamental runes from an advanced understanding of magic, souls, and enchanting that few beings have been able to replicate since.